AWS Feed - added support for IPv6 (#27141)
demisto/content: Packs/AccentureCTI_Feed/ReleaseNotes/1_1_14.md

#### Integrations

##### ACTI Indicator Feed

> - Added support in JSONFeedApiModule integration for ***AWS Feed*** multiple indicator type fetch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhanced the ***JSONFeedApiModule*** to support fetching multiple indicator types in the ***AWS Feed*** integration. The change has no impact on this integration.
```
in all RNs (except AWS Feed of course)
